Bastion Host base module (#1)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-bastion-host: README.md

- /iam.tf: iam file for this module, contains all iam resources
- /main.tf: main file for this module, contains all resources excempt iam
- /variables.tf: all the variables for the module
- /output.tf: the outputs of the module
- /README.md: this file

## Testing

### Requirements
- [bats-core](https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core) 1.1.0
- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) 1.5

### Integration test
#### Terraform integration tests
The integration tests for this module are built with bats, basically the test checks the following:
- Perform `terraform init` command
- Perform `terraform get` command
- Perform `terraform plan` command and check that it'll create 6 resources, modify 0 resources and delete 0 resources
- Perform `terraform apply -auto-approve` command and check that it has created the 6 resources, modified 0 resources and deleted 0 resources
- Perform several `gcloud` commands and check the infrastructure is in the desired state
- Perform `terraform destroy -force` command and check that it has destroyed the 6 resources

You can use the following command to run the integration test in the folder */test/integration/gcloud-test*

  `. launch.sh`

> Be sure to fill out the 'TF_VAR_project_id' and 'TF_VAR_credentials_path' environment variables in the launch.sh file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to fill out the `PROJECT_ID` and `CREDENTIALS_PATH` environment variables in the `launch.sh` file.
```
